(music thumping)
- Dude, are you seeing this?
Those babes are totally
vibing our bozacks.
I'm gonna mack
the one on the right.
You cool with the one
on the left?
- Mike, I'm with Lucy.
- Who?
- My girlfriend, Lucy.
- Hi.
How you doing?
- We... We're-we're dating.
- Still?
Josh, step into my office.
- (sighs) Ay.
(regal music)
- So what do you think
of my office?
- It's a bit much.
- Joshua, I have been
advising you for years, okay?
Helping you build
your sexual portfolio.
We've had some good years,
some lean ones.
But I got to say, when I look at
how you're currently positioned,
it scares the hell out of me.
Here's what I'd recommend
for a typical bro
with your income
and attractiveness level.
40% women at work,
40% bar hookups,
and 20% ex-girlfriends.
Now here's you.
You are investing
100% of your resources
into one girl.
- Yeah. Yeah.
I really like her.
- You want my advice?
Diversify.
Here, take a look
at my personal breakdown.
As you can see, I have
zero percent in girlfriends,
ten percent in randos,
five percent in strange,
three percent in baristas,
two percent
in confused tourists.
Believe it or not, that has
produced amazing returns lately.
Amazing returns.
- Yeah. Right.
Uh, well,
thank you very much, Mike,
eh, but I'm very happy
with Lucy.
(lighter whirs)
- Who?
- My girlfriend, Lucy.
- Hi, again.
- Oh...
(down-tempo electronic music)
*
- Ah!
- (squeaks)
*
- (growls)
(birds chirping)
- I don't think your friend
Mike likes me very much.
- What?
- Yeah.
- He-he likes you.
- Really?
- He just doesn't
know you very well.
- I guess...yeah,
you...you could be right.
Maybe we just haven't
hung out enough.
- Yeah.
- We should think
of, like, a bonding thing
we could all do together.
- Yeah.
Uh, there's this bar
he really likes going to.
- Okay, maybe we could
all go there after work?
- Yeah, sure.
- Oh, that's great.
Oh, we're gonna be besties.
I just know it.
Hi.
- Where's Josh?
- Uh, he'll probably here
really soon.
(video game beeping)
- Goal!
- So where is this place?
- Uh, it's a couple doors down,
then 2,000 feet into the belly
of a Chilean copper mine.
(exotic woodwind music)
*
- Oh, this place is great.
(video game beeping)
- Goal!
- Mmm, my beer's good.
The guy said it was,
uh, a microbrew?
Hey, it's like, um...
Mike-ro-brew.
It's like your name's
right in there.
If it was mine,
it'd be Lu-Luc...
- No goal.
(cell phone ringing)
- It's Josh!
It's Josh.
Hi, are you almost here?
- Well, it's official.
Life loves to throw us
curveballs.
- What?
What are you talking about?
- Oh, just got slammed
with a late-in-the-day
highlighter shipment.
(men clamoring)
- Sorry, what? Honey,
it's really hard to hear you.
- Oh, nothing.
Just that I'll have to place
all the yellows
with the yellows by hand
and the blues with the blues,
et cetera, et cetera.
I won't be there for another
half an hour at least.
- You're not gonna be here
for half an hour?
(explosion, man screams)
(men screaming in Spanish)
(men coughing)
- Uh, well, it looks like
it's just gonna be us
for a little while.
- (sighs) Sucks.
- (sighs)
(epic music)
- You're looking at the entrance
to hell on Earth.
Trapped nearly half a mile
beneath the surface
are Mike and Lucy.
They have no food, no water,
and, most importantly,
no mutual friend
to help make conversation.
In a last-ditch effort,
rescue crews are sending
conversation starters down
through drilled holes.
- Hey.
Wow. Awesome.
Okay.
- Ugh!
- Oh, these are great.
Okay.
What is your favorite band?
- Ugh.
- No? No good? Okay.
Um...
do you have any siblings?
- Where's Josh? Josh.
- Oh, hey, this is good.
What character are you
from Sex and the City?
'Cause I'm... I'm a Charlotte.
- I can't take it any longer.
(gun cocks)
Tell Josh I love him.
- Man, damn it, why is Josh
always late to everything?
- Huh.
Yeah, that's true.
Josh is late for everything.
- Oh, my God, we're talking.
We're talking. This is good.
This is so good.
This is very good.
Uh, Josh stuff.
Josh stuff. More Josh stuff.
Josh stuff. Um...
More Josh stuff.
- (gasps)
- Oh, hey! You ever
notice how Josh, um...
he gets ready in the bathroom,
and it takes him, like, an hour,
and then when he comes out,
he's un-showered in, like,
a T-shirt and jeans,
and you're like,
"What are you...
what are you doing in there...
for so long?" You know?
- Yeah, he does do that.
- Yeah.
- It's like,
"What is going on in there?"
- No idea.
I can tell you it's not...
it's not hygiene-related.
- (laughs)
That's kind of funny.
- Man, I got way more.
Okay, well, l-last night
we were watching, um...
Actually, you know what,
that's... I'm not gonna...
That one's really personal.
(gun cocks)
- (grunts)
(gun clicks)
(grunts)
Ah, here she comes.
- (stammers)
You just have to promise
not to tell anybody.
- Mm-hmm.
- Like, really swear.
- Sure.
- Okay, um...
so last night, we were
watching Cool Runnings,
and at the end,
Josh cried so loud
that I had to
turn up the volume.
- (laughing)
Oh, my God. For real?
- Yeah.
And then he asked me if I could
hold him until he fell asleep.
- Oh, man, so good.
What else you got?
- Um... do you know about
his crippling fear of horses?
- Horses?
No way.
- He sees one, and he gets all,
like, shaky and...and sweaty,
and he freaks out.
- Ha! Spaz.
- There's an air
of optimism here,
as we're being told
that Mike and Lucy
have found
a source of conversation.
It's truly a miracle from God.
- He crapped his pants?
Could people tell?
- Okay, well, no,
except then he kept yelling,
"I just crapped my pants"
over and over
and over again.
(both laughing)
(rumbling)
- Hey, guys.
- Hey, dude.
- Hey, baby.
- Sorry I'm late.
Ah.
Huh, this place
is kind of a dive.
Is that-is that... is that guy
eating that other guy?
- Yeah.
- Mm-hmm.
- Should we try
someplace else or...
- Sure.
- Okay, yeah, let's go.
- Yeah, sure. Yeah.
- Yep.
(happy Latin music)
(woman singing in Spanish)
*
- So, did you guys do okay
in there without me?
- Yeah. You know what,
we had... we had lots of fun.
- Yeah, it was cool...
- Totally.
- runnings.
(snorts)
Cool Runnings.
(clears throat)
- What... what does that mean?
- Do you want to go to the bar?
- Okay, yeah.
- (giggles)
- (laughs)
- And, long story short, uh,
I'm not allowed
to use the bathroom
at any Hardee's location
across North America ever again.
- Wow.
- Yeah.
- That's intense.
- I can't believe
I'm telling you all this
really embarrassing, private
stuff about myself, you know?
I-I'm usually
very, very guarded
and secretive, you know?
But I just...
I just... I trust you.
I can tell you anything.
I-I feel like you're a vault,
you know what I mean?
(cell phone chimes)
Oh, one second.
J-Josh...
- Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
- Are you okay?
- Doug sent me a picture
of a horse.
I hate them so much.
Whew.
(cell phone chimes)
Oh, he just...
texted me again.
"Did I scare you?"
Huh, that's curious.
You're, like, literally
the only person
I've ever told about my, uh,
fear of horses, so...
Huh. Hmm.
- Okay.
You know what? Um...
I got to split.
Love you.
(line trilling)
(cell phone ringing)
- Hello?
- Mike...
- Oh, hey, Laura.
- Lucy.
Still... still Lucy.
Listen, are you telling people
all that stuff
I told you about Josh?
- Oh, yeah, big-time.
- Mike, what the hell?
All of that was confidential.
You swore
you wouldn't say anything.
- I know.
But then I realized
the magnitude of
what you were telling me--
how funny the shit
about Josh was--
and I realized
I could no longer stay silent.
I had a responsibility
to tell the American people.
(dramatic music)
Now, if you'll excuse me,
I need to conduct
an enormous press conference.
- Shit. Shit.
*
- Julian Assange,
Edward Snowden,
and now the most controversial
whistleblower yet...
ladies and gentlemen,
please welcome
the man behind JoshiLeaks,
Mike Scaggs,
joining us live via satellite
from an undisclosed location
in Hong Kong.
Mike, why are you in hiding?
- Because I fear for my safety.
Believe it or not,
there are some who think
what I'm doing is wrong.
- And do you think
what you're doing is wrong?
- All I know is that the public
needs to be informed,
because these revelations
about Josh are, like, so funny.
Like, when you hear them,
you're like, "What?
That's really funny."
You know, like, that he cried
during Cool Runnings.
- Wait, I-I'm sorry,
slow down.
Am I hearing you correctly?
Are you referring to
the 1993 comedy Cool Runnings?
- I am.
- About those bobsled guys--
the Jamaicans?
- Correct.
- That's a kids' movie.
- Exactly.
(crowd murmurs)
(door opens)
- Josh, Josh,
what are you doing here?
- Oh, hey.
- Hi.
- Uh, I was looking
for a bathroom,
and I wandered into this
international press conference.
What, uh, what-what
is the subject matter?
- Um, you know what?
Uh, nothing.
It's-it's kind of boring.
Do you want to get out of here?
You can use
the bathroom next door.
- I can't.
It's a Hardee's.
- What else can I tell you
about Josh? - What the hell?
- He got lost at the mall
when he was 16.
Oh, in middle school,
he got a boner
during a clarinet recital.
- Gross.
Now, Mike,
I know this might potentially
be putting yourself at risk,
but would you be prepared
at this time
to do a mean impression
of Josh getting a boner
at that clarinet recital?
- What... what-what is going on?
- Um...
- I can only speculate
it went something like this.
(humming snake charmer melody)
Boing!
- This theory, of course,
implying that
Josh is the snake charmer,
charming his boner,
which is the snake.
- (humming snake charmer melody)
(whiny voice) Oh, no! My boner's
going into my clarinet.
It's like I'm having
sex with it, and I like it.
(imitates sobbing)
(normal voice) Of course, we
don't have all the information.
- Of course. It's not outside
the realm of possibilities.
It-it could've been
more like...
(goofy voice) "Ooh!
It's stuck in the clarinet.
Hey, janitor, help!"
(normal voice) Is that...
- Yes.
- How does Mike know
all this stuff about me?
- I'd like to thank
my informant,
who at this time
I will not name...
because I'm blanking on it,
uh, but it's
Josh's girlfriend.
She told me everything.
(laughs)
Just blabbed away.
- (scoffs)
- Hey, Josh, Josh, listen...
- How could you do that?
The entire world
is laughing at me.
- Because Mike told
everybody, not me.
- Yeah, of course
Mike told everybody.
I would expect that from him,
but not from you.
I trusted you.
- I know. I'm...
I know, I'm s-sorry.
J-Josh.
(humming snake charmer melody)
Anyway, peace out, queefs.
(blows raspberry)
- (sighs)
(knock at door)
(groans)
- Oh, hey, uh...
Mara or...
- Lucy.
- Where's Josh?
- I don't know.
He's still mad at me.
- (laughs) Oh, yeah.
You told me all that stuff,
and then I told everyone else.
(laughs)
So good.
All right, well, just came
to pick up my Final Battle II,
so I'm out of here.
- Wow, you're a real asshole,
you know that?
- Whoa,
where's that coming from?
- Do you have any idea
how hard it is
to try to be friends with you?
- Why does it matter
if we're friends?
- (whispers) Jesus.
All right, yeah, you know what?
You're probably right.
It was stupid and pointless.
I don't know why I forced it.
- Yeah, that was weird.
Why'd you do that?
- Because you're
Josh's best friend,
and I love Josh.
- For real?
Like, even though
you know all that
embarrassing shit about him?
- Of course.
That goofy stuff is
part of why I love him.
Thanks to you,
he hates me now.
- Oh...
(cell phone chimes)
- (sighs)
Here we go.
He just sent me
a really cold text
asking if I can
meet him downtown
'cause he wants to "tell me
something in person."
- I'm sure it's fine.
How mad could he be?
- Bring out the accused!
(mob shouting)
- Make way
for the Lord's work.
- You shouldn't have told
secrets about Josh.
- He opened up to you,
and you broke his trust.
- That's private stuff!
Private stuff!
(drum banging, mob booing)
- Josh... Josh,
can we talk about this?
- I think you've talked enough.
- (sighs)
- For the high crimes
of telling people
I cried during Cool Runnings,
as well as telling people
I got lost at the mall,
that I crapped my pants
while suspended in the air
during a high-school production
of Peter Pan...
- No, Josh, I didn't
tell him that one.
- You... you didn't?
- No.
- 'Cause I got a text
from Nikhil
making fun of me
for crapping my pants.
- No, I told him
about a different time
that you crapped your pants.
- Oh.
The subway?
- No.
- The tramway?
- How many times
has this happened?
(mob murmurs)
- That doesn't...
That hardly matters.
The point is I declare
this woman guilty!
(mob cheers)
- Yeah! String her up!
Ha ha!
This is happening!
Oh, this is happening!
- Yes, it is.
(arrow whooshes)
(mob gasps)
- Mike?
- Oh, (bleep), it's a horse.
Oh, man, it had to be a horse.
- Sir. Hey.
Hey, madam.
(triumphant music)
I'm here to speak
in this lady's defense!
(mob groans)
When I first met this woman,
I believed her to be very lame.
I was like, "What is this?
I don't know
what's up with this."
I was also like,
"Why this one?"
And given some time,
I was like,
"This one, still?
But why?
What's going on here?
What is this?"
Then I talked to her
and hung out with her a little,
and one fact shone so bright,
it could not be denied.
She loves my buddy.
Big-time,
and that is very rare.
Most girls are like,
"That guy? Why?"
And also like, "No way, not him.
I'd rather not."
And at times, they're like,
"What is going on there? Ugh."
Anyway, this
girlfriend is cool!
(mob cheers)
Also, dude, it feels like
you're kind of overreacting.
- Yeah.
Yeah, I know.
- You hired a hangman?
- Mm.
- And I had to kill him?
That's nuts.
I'm a murderer now.
(stammers)
That's crazy.
- Yeah.
Sorry, Lucy.
- It's okay. I'm sorry.
(mob cheering, whistling)
- The charges have been dropped!
(mob cheers)
- Wait, you-you still gonna
hang someone, though, right?
- Uh, no, not today.
- Hey, congrats, man.
You got a good one.
- Thanks, I know.
- Hang someone!
- No.
- What do you even get
out of it anyway?
- It's exciting.
- Hey, uh, you want to grab
a beer or something?
- Sure.
Do you want to come, Lucy?
- Yeah.
Yeah, I do.
(cheerful music)
- Hey, uh, looks like everyone's
gonna go grab one, huh?
Very cool. Very cool.
- Uh...
- Yeah, do you...
do you want to come?
- Sure, if you insist, uh...
This turned out
to be a fun evening.
Want to know something?
- What's that?
- You guys
are my best friends.
- Oh, that's...that's cool.
- Aw, that's really nice.
- That's, you know...
- Yeah.
(music thumping)
- Dude, are you seeing this?
- Hmm?
- Those babes are totally
vibing my bozack.
Should I mack the one
on the right or the left?
- Uh, I feel like the one
on the right is more your type.
- Yeah, what
do you think, Lucy?
- Oh, uh, yeah, yeah,
definitely the one on the right.
Plus, the one on the left
has a wedding ring.
BOTH: Whoa.
- Got an insider
working for us here.
Wish me luck.
- That's really nice what
you did for your friend there.
You think you could help me
find a man?
- Yeah.
Totally, Methelda.
Uh, what about
that guy right there?
- Oh, he looks
like a screamer.
Mm-mmm.
- Right.
Well, there's also that guy.
I mean, he seems cool.
- Ooh, he's got a thick neck.
Looks like a defecator.
- All right,
so, just to be clear,
are you looking for a guy
more for, like... for dating
or more...
- Hanging! (laughs)
- Right.
- Got ya.
- Lots of these guys,
now that I'm looking,
could be potential hangers.
Someone here had to do
something wrong, right?
- Hey, you ever notice how
we always talk about hanging?
- Yeah.
- Ooh, I'm sorry.
You know what? I brought
some conversation starters, too.
- Oh.
- Which Sex and the City
character would you be?
I'm a Samantha,
believe it or not.
- Yeah, I gue...
I guess that makes sense...
of the four.
- Let me go
to this next one.
What's your favorite form
of execution?
BOTH: Methelda!
- (laughs)
(upbeat music)
- * Living and laughing,
loving and a-learning *
*
* Moving and grooving and
sometimes there's a hanging *
*
* The chips may be down
* But everything is looking
up, up, up, up *
* It's The Methelda Show *
ALL:
- * It's The Methelda Show *
- The Methelda Show
was filmed
in front
of a live studio audience.
(Golden Suits' "Gold Feeling")
*
- * Do you want it?
Do you really want it? *
* A joyful drag
* All the history,
all together *
* The round track
* I don't care, I don't care,
I don't care *
*
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH